If that one bitch had not come in bro's life, 
then his life would have been perfect. 

If that bitch had not come in bro's life, 
then me and bro would have been still best friends 
and might have built something cool. 

If that bitch had not come in bro's life, 
then bro would have been buddy with bf. 

All because of that of one bitch! 

That bitch is still living near our area having a small shop. 
This shows how her bitch mother has brought up her bitch daughter. 

I hate that bitch to the core. 
Because of that one bitch, everything is changed. 
And that one bitch is happy and going to complete her degree. 

But, Bro has 45 arrears and turned into a coward monster, 
who is not ready face life "because of that one bitch". 
That one bitch is a big BITCH!!!!!

That bitch is "not equal" to bro's intellectual standards,
Let that bitch go and get a nasty dog for her.

Mom once told me that few professors were calling bro as fat and ugly,
Professors must learn to see students as students,
Will they laugh if their child was fat and ugly?

7 years back, my bro was a handsome prince,
Many girls used to fall for him,
That one bitch collapsed him totally like a monster,
Also, his high-school friends are so bad,
Sadly, me and dad were out-of-city during this period,
Bitches are there only to ruin good men lives.

LET ME TELL ONE HIDDEN TALENT MY BROTHER...
Whichever professor/student laughing at my bro present appearance...
None of you fuckers are even equal to "his brain or talent",
He is a programmer since 3.5 years old,
He started programming before entering into an elementary school.
He knows about computers before you ever saw a computer.

If bro completes degree,
competes in coding competitions,
builds many projects,
gains updated skills,
or even gets a job,
then he will smash all of you reaching the top of the ladder.

HATE EVERYBODY WHO WERE BEHIND HIS SELF-DESTRUCTION...

Why can't he get up and try his best going to college?
Why can't he try to clear all the arrears?
It's okay if you fail, but Why not try?
Why can't he face life?
Why can't he achieve his ambition?
Why can't he win life?

2007-2015 are worst years for me as well as bro.
We can forget past only if we get success in present.
To get success, we need to face life.
What is wrong with you bro?
Even i hate college & there is partiality everywhere, But i face it.
I too have arrears. Professors never truly evaluate papers properly.
But, i still go & write arrears because i don't fear their evaluation.

Useless bitches & dogs are getting more than 30,000 rupees salary,
Because talented people like you are still hidden.
People who are unfit for BTech are having a BTech degree,
You truly deserve a BTech degree and a good job,
Don't give-up!
Our parents are getting so old,
How long should we be dependent on them?
We already dreamed to travel around all the world,
Remember the fun game we used to play often?
We always dream to bring that game as a real game.
